ui/packages/consul-ui/app/components/route/README.mdx, before:

# Route

The `Route` component should be used for the top-level component for *every*
route/page template. It provides/will provide functionality (along with the
`<Outlet />` component) for setting and announcing the title of the page,
passing data down through the route/template hierarchy, automatic
orchestration of nested routing and visual animating/transitioning between
routes.

## Arguments

| Argument | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `name` | `String` | `undefined` | The name of the route in ember routeName format e.g. `dc.services.index`. This is generally the `routeName` variable that is available to you in all Consul UI route/page level templates.|
| `title` | `String` | `undefined` | The title for this page (eventually passed through to the `{{page-title}}` helper. This argument should be omitted if a title change isn't required. |
| `titleSeparator` | `String` | `undefined` | This can be used in the top-level route to configure the separator for the `{{page-title}}` helper |

## Exports

| export | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `model` | `Object` | `undefined` | Arbitrary hash of data passed down from the parent route/outlet |
| `params` | `Object` | `undefined` | An object/merge of **all** optional route params and normal route params |

```hbs
<Route
  @name={{routeName}}
  @title="Page Title"
  @titleSeparator=" - "
as |route|>
  {{route.model.dc.Name}}
</Route>
```

Every page/route template has a `routeName` variable exposed specifically to
allow you to use this to set the `@name` of the route.

Commit message:

Add a way to set the title of the page from inside the route
and make it accessibile via a route announcer

ui/packages/consul-ui/app/components/route/README.mdx, after:

# Route

The `Route` component should be used for the top-level component for *every*
route/page template. It provides/will provide functionality (along with the
`<Outlet />` component) for setting and announcing the title of the page,
passing data down through the route/template hierarchy, automatic
orchestration of nested routing and visual animating/transitioning between
routes.

## Arguments

| Argument | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `name` | `String` | `undefined` | The name of the route in ember routeName format e.g. `dc.services.index`. This is generally the `routeName` variable that is available to you in all Consul UI route/page level templates.|
| `title` | `String` | `undefined` | Deprecated: The title for this page (eventually passed through to the `{{page-title}}` helper. This argument should be omitted if a title change isn't required. Also see the exported `<Title />` component which is now preferred |
| `titleSeparator` | `String` | `undefined` | Deprecated: This can be used in the top-level route to configure the separator for the `{{page-title}}` helper. Also see the exported `<Title />` component which is now preferred |

## Exports

| export | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `model` | `Object` | `undefined` | Arbitrary hash of data passed down from the parent route/outlet |
| `params` | `Object` | `undefined` | An object/merge of **all** optional route params and normal route params |
| `Title` | `Component` | `` | An inline component to allow you to set a title within the Route component |
| `Announcer` | `Component` | `` | An inline component to allow you to specify where the route announcer is rendered. This should be at the very top of your app probably under your `<Route />` in `application.hbs` |

```hbs
<!-- application.hbs -->
<Route
  @name={{routeName}}
as |route|>
  <route.Announcer />
  ...
</Route>

<!-- All route templates that change the title -->
<Route
  @name={{routeName}}
as |route|>
  <h1><route.Title @title="Page Title" /></h1>
  {{route.model.dc.Name}}
</Route>
```

Every page/route template has a `routeName` variable exposed specifically to
allow you to use this to set the `@name` of the route.

The `<Title @title=""/>` component should be used to control the title of the page. This component also yields the value of the `@title` attribute allowing you to use it to avoid repeating the title of the page for things like reusing the same value for a `<h1>`. The `Title` component is one of the only components which uses an attribute to specify textual copy, this makes it hard to add further HTML elements to the value of `@title` which would not be supported in the HTML `<title>` element.
